Instructions and Description:-


1.You can run this program either by using the JAR file(included) or the source code given in the "src" folder.

2.In this project,the customer is going to order food from the restaurant named "PARADISE".

3.The dishes in this project has been taken from the original menu of PARADISE hotel Secunderabad, 
Source : - https://www.zomato.com/hyderabad/paradise-paradise-circle-secunderabad/menu

4.The customer enters the hotel and first & foremost his/her name is asked.

5.Here the host in the restaurant Mr.Jignesh Patel allots the customer with a table,after the customer gives him the idea of how many people are along with him.

6.The tables are divided accoring to the number of people it can accomodate,
   Table 1 - Acommodation 1
   Table 2 - Acommodation 2
   Table 3 - Acommodation 3
   Table 4 - Acommodation 4
   Table 5 - Acommodation 5
   Table 6 - Acommodation 6
   
7.If the number of people along with the customer are Greater than 7,then the host directs them to the FAMILY SECTION.

8.After allotment the Busboy comes to the table and serves them water of the respective BRAND according to the input given by the user.

9.Then the MANAGER "MEHTA" arrives and takes the order from the customer.

10.The dishes here are divided into three categories namely,
   -Starters
   -Main Course
   -Take Away

11.The dishes in the Starters Menu are different from other menus.

12.Where as , "Main Course Menu" and "Take Away Menu" have similar food items .
The only difference between these two menus are the rates of each dish.

13.One can find greater price of a dish in TAKE AWAY MENU than in MAIN COURSE MENU .This is because the quantity for each dish which is ordered for TAKE AWAY is greater than that of MAIN COURSE MENU

14.After giving his/her options,the customer has to place the order.

15.The Manager forwards the order to the EXECUTIVE CHEF

16.The executive chef divides the whole order into three categories
   -Vegetarian Dishes
   -Non-Vegetarian Dishes
   -Starters
   and then he forwards the order to cook RAHUL
   
 17. The Cook prepares those dishes seperately according to veg,non-veg,starters category (This is done because the raw materials required for the food should be easily understood by the cook - like veg requires vegetable whereas nonveg requires meat, spices etc).
 
 18.Cook then passes the order to the server, the server recieves the the order and serves the food to the customer with required packaging(if any required for take away food).
 
 19.After completing the food the customer once again calls the manager,then either he can order the food again or he can recieve the bill.
 
 20.The final bill for the customer is then displayed.
 
 21. Once the customer pays the amount (which is greater than or equal to the Bill amount ) the customers gets the remaining balance amount.
  
 22.Then the managerasks the customer that whether he/she is interested in giving any feedback
  -If yes, then the feed-back is taken from the user and stored in the FEEDBACK_FORUM
  -If no, then the manager thanks the customer for visting their restaurant
  
 23.The customer then leaves the restaurant.
  
 24.Busboy clears the table at which the customer was placed.
 
 25.The amount of bill is stored in the CASH_REG database along with the table details.
 
 26.Here even the orders of the customer are stored in ORDER_REG database.

 27.The MAVEN extension is also included in this project for future use.
